"Amateurs hack systems, professionals hack people." --Bruce Schneier
"If you spend more on coffee than on IT security, you will be hacked. What’s more, you deserve to be hacked." --Richard Clark
"Time is what determines security. With enough time nothing is unhackable." --Aniekee Tochukwu Ezekiel
"No technology that’s connected to the Internet is unhackable." --Abhijit Naskar
"Never underestimate the determination of a kid who is time-rich and cash-poor." --Cory Doctorow
"I'm in!!" --Every Hacker
"I was addicted to hacking, more for the intellectual challenge, the curiosity, the seduction of adventure; not for stealing, or causing damage or writing computer viruses." --Kevin Mitnick
"One single vulnerability is all an attacker needs." --Window Snyder
"For every lock, there is someone out there trying to pick it or break in." --David Bernstein
"While many hackers have the knowledge, skills, and tools to attack computer systems, they generally lack the motivation to cause violence or severe economic or social harm." --Dorothy E. Denning
"We're in!" --David Lightman
"Would you like to play a game?" --Joshua
"Mess with the best, die like the rest." --Dade Murphy
"There are worse things than death, and uh, I can do all of them." --The Plague
"Hack the planet!" --Dade Murphy
"Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait." --Razor
"I couldn't think as slow as you if I tried." --Taz (Rat) Finch
"It's a UNIX system! I know this!" --Lex Murphy
“Human Stupidity, that’s why Hackers always win." -― Med Amine Khelifi
"Never tell everything you know…" -― Roger H. Lincoln
"There are few sources of energy so powerful as a procrastinating college student." -― Paul Graham
"What hackers do is figure out technology and experiment with it in ways many people never imagined. They also have a strong desire to share this information with others and to explain it to people whose only qualification may be the desire to learn." -― Emmanuel Goldstein
"As a matter of fact, yeah, they were foolproof. The problem is that you don’t have to protect yourself against fools. You have to protect yourself against people like me." -― Jeffery Deaver
"Younger hackers are hard to classify. They’re probably just as diverse as the old hackers are. We’re all over the map." ―- Larry Wall
"Most hackers are young because young people tend to be adaptable. As long as you remain adaptable, you can always be a good hacker." -― Emmanuel Goldstein
"It is not the monsters we should be afraid of; it is the people that don’t recognize the same monsters inside of themselves." -― Shannon L. Alder
"We worried for decades about WMDs – Weapons of Mass Destruction. Now it is time to worry about a new kind of WMDs – Weapons of Mass Disruption." -― John Mariotti
"Be very careful. We suggest getting a book on HTML to avoid becoming a real legend in the hacker world. Putting up a web page before you know how to put up a web page is generally a very bad idea. The .gov sites are an exception." -― Emmanuel Goldstein, Dear Hacker: Letters to the Editor of 2600
"My actions constituted pure hacking that resulted in relatively trivial expenses for the companies involved, despite the government’s false claims" -– Harry Hariom Choudhary
"It’s less about technology for me and more about religion. [on hacking]" --Adrian Lamo
"I'm not an economist; I'm a hacker who has spent his career exploring and repairing large networks." --Dan Kaminsky
"When a hacker gains access to any corporate data, the value of that data depends on which server, or sometimes a single person's computer, that the hacker gains access to." --John McAfee
"If you give a hacker a new toy, the first thing he'll do is take it apart to figure out how it works." --Jamie Zawinksi
"It was on a bulletin board that I first learned about hacker culture, the 'Let's just break through this wall and see what's on the other side' mentality." --Harper Reed
"The beginnings of the hacker culture as we know it today can be conveniently dated to 1961, the year MIT acquired the first PDP-1." --Eric S. Raymond
"It takes 20 years to build a reputation and few minutes of cyber-incident to ruin it." -- Stephane Nappo
"If you think you know-it-all about cybersecurity, this discipline was probably ill-explained to you." --Stephane Nappo
"The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards – and even then I have my doubts." --Eugene H. Spafford
"If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology." --Bruce Schneier
"There are two types of companies: those that have been hacked and those that will be." --Robert Mueller
